feat(python): Improve integrations page (#10575)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/integrations/index.mdx

The Sentry SDK uses integrations to hook into the functionality of popular libraries to automatically instrument your application and give you the best data out of the box.

## Available Integrations

### Web Frameworks

> |                                                                                                                       | **Auto Enabled** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                                                                                                       | **Auto-enabled** |
```

| <LinkWithPlatformIcon platform="python.starlite"  label="Starlite"  url="/platforms/python/integrations/starlite" />  |        ✓         |
| <LinkWithPlatformIcon platform="python.tornado"   label="Tornado"   url="/platforms/python/integrations/tornado" />   |        ✓         |

### Databases

> |                                                                                                                                        | **Auto enabled** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                                                                                                                        | **Auto-enabled** |
```

| <LinkWithPlatformIcon platform="python.redis"             label="Redis"      url="/platforms/python/integrations/redis" />             |        ✓         |
| <LinkWithPlatformIcon platform="python.sqlalchemy"        label="SQLAlchemy" url="/platforms/python/integrations/sqlalchemy" />        |        ✓         |

### AI

> |                                                                                                                                      | **Auto enabled** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                                                                                                                      | **Auto-enabled** |
```

Reviewer: Please also apply this same change to the rest of the sections

| <LinkWithPlatformIcon platform="python.tryton"        label="Tryton"          url="/platforms/python/integrations/tryton" />        |                  |
| <LinkWithPlatformIcon platform="python.wsgi"          label="WSGI"            url="/platforms/python/integrations/wsgi" />          |                  |

### Default Integrations

> - [List of default integrations](default-integrations/)

Reviewer: I find it somewhat strange that we have a table for all the other integration categories, except this one. Perhaps we can add a table, and then provide the link to the `default_integrations` page for anyone desiring more information about a specific integration (or even better perhaps, we could have each row in the table link to the relevant subsection in the Default Integrations page)?

## Configuration

### Enabling Integrations

> Integrations can be added using the `integrations` config option.

Reviewer: Let's link to the page where the `integrations` config option is defined here

> Integrations marked as auto enabled in the above table will be turned on automatically with default configuration. If you want to fine-tune a specific integration's settings (for instance, change Flask's default `transaction_style`), add it to your `integrations` list as you would a non-auto-enabling integration and pass in the desired options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrations marked as "auto-enabled" in the above table will be turned on automatically with default configuration. If you want to fine-tune a specific integration's settings (for instance, change Flask's default `transaction_style`), add it to your `integrations` list as you would a non-auto-enabling integration and pass in the desired options.
```

> Integrations marked as "auto-enabled" in the above table will be turned on automatically with default configuration. If you want to fine-tune a specific integration's settings (for instance, change Flask's default `transaction_style`), add it to your `integrations` list as you would a non-auto-enabling integration and pass in the desired options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrations marked as "auto-enabled" in the above table will be turned on automatically, unless you set `auto-enabling-integrations` to `False`. If you want to configure a specific integration's settings (for instance, change Flask's default `transaction_style`), add it to your `integrations` list as you would a non-auto-enabling integration and pass in the desired options.
```

Also link to the `auto_enabling_integrations` option's docs page if possible

```python
import sentry_sdk
from sentry_sdk.integrations.asyncio import AsyncioIntegration
from sentry_sdk.integrations.flask import FlaskIntegration

sentry_sdk.init(
    integrations=[
        # The Flask integration is auto-enabling, but we want to change
        # transaction_style from the default "endpoint" to "url"
        FlaskIntegration(transaction_style="url"),
        # The asyncio integration is not enabled automatically
        # and needs to be added manually.
        AsyncioIntegration(),
    ],
)
```

### Disabling Integrations

There are two types of integrations that are added automatically:

* **Default integrations** like `logging` or `excepthook` are always enabled,
  regardless of what packages you have installed. They provide essential
  SDK functionality like error deduplication or event flushing at interpreter
  shutdown.
* **Auto-enabling integrations** like `FlaskIntegration` are automatically added

>   if the SDK detects you have the corresponding package (like Flask) installed.

Reviewer: It would make sense to mention here that these integrations are only enabled when the respective option is set to `True`

> If you want to disable a specific auto enabling integration, first turn off all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to disable a specific auto-enabling integration, first turn off all
```

Let's pick one of "auto-enabling" or "auto enabling" to settle on and use it consistently everywhere on this page (I strongly prefer "auto-enabling", but consistency is much more important to me than which version we pick).

Reviewer: I am gonna stop inline commenting about these discrepancies, since this is probably easier to fix using a find and replace. Please also make sure to update similar variations, e.g. "auto-enable," "auto-enabled," etc

Author: Changed to "auto-enab{ed,ing,e}" everywhere

> If you want to disable a specific auto-enabling integration, first turn off all
> auto-enabling integrations by setting `auto_enabling_integrations` to `False`.
> Any originally auto-enabled integrations that you want to use then have to be
> explicitly added via the `integrations` config option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable a specific default or auto-enabling integration, first disable all auto-enabling integrations by setting the `auto_enabling_integrations` option to `False`. Then, explicitly enable all the auto-enabling integrations you wish to use by setting the `integrations` configuration option.
```

```python
import sentry_sdk
from sentry_sdk.integrations.flask import FlaskIntegration

sentry_sdk.init(
    # Turn off all auto-enabling integrations except for Flask
    auto_enabling_integrations=False,
    integrations=[
        FlaskIntegration(),
    ],
)
```

> In case you want to disable one of the [default integrations](default-integrations/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable one of the [default integrations](default-integrations/),
```
